Okay.
So after our refactor, the job filter sidebar component is looking pretty good.
You can see this section especially is pretty simple.
And if I scroll down to the set of method, you'll see that all we're setting up here is the connection
to the View Store, as well as this function which runs on click.
Which commits this mutation.
And of course, this logic all lives up here in this section right here.
Well, I think we can refactor this component even further by moving this logic and its corresponding
setup logic as well into its own add new component.
Once again, following the exact same principles as we had here, this will allow us to test just this
logic and the click handler, for example, in isolation while allowing a job filter sidebar almost
to be like this top level aggregator component or composite component that simply gets together all
of these other smaller components and simply puts them all rendered on the screen, you know, above
and below each other.
So I proposed that we extract this chunk of logic out, and I'm going to call that new component job
filters sidebar prompt, because of course it prompts the user to clear the filters.
So right here I'm going to open my file explorer and in my source components, job results, job filter,
sidebar directory.
I'm going to create a new view component.
I'm going to call it job filters.
Sidebar Prompt Dot View.
And I'm going to drag it over here on the right.
And of course, I'm going to begin with my template right here.
And inside the template I'm going to cut and paste.
Actually, for now let's copy and paste because I always want to keep my original work before I replace
it.
Let me copy and paste this section right here.
So within our section tag the starter div all the way to this div above the first first accordion.
I'm going to take that and I'm going to paste it right here in this template.
All right.
And for the logic down below, we can, of course, copy and paste a lot of the code from here because
it's eventually going to go away from here.
So right here, I'm going to begin with our script tag set to a lang of TSA.
All right.
And then what are we going to actually need?
We're going to have the click handler right here.
The clear user job for their selections.
So that function is going to remain and that function is going to commit a mutation.
So we are going to need the store and the key.
And we're also, of course, going to need defined component.
So let me copy these three imports right here.
We're also going to need the actual action button component.
We're using it right here in line number five.
So I'm going to copy the action by import.
We do not need the accordion and we do not need any of these individual filter components.
We are going to need this mutation right here.
So let's take that.
And put it right here.
And then, of course, we'll start with our export default here and we will invoke the defined component
function passing and object will provide our component with a name and that of course will be job filters.
Sidebar prompt.
Then for our components, we need to, of course register our action button component.
That is the one child component that we are rendering.
And then of course following the composition API, we're going to define a setup method.
And the heart of this setup method is basically going to be everything we have here.
So I think we're going to be able to get away with simply cutting and pasting all of this code into
this setup method.
Right, because we're going to use the use store composable to get access to the view store.
Right.
Then we're going to define this click handler to commit a mutation.
We're going to provide the name of the mutation right here through the import constant.
And then we're going to make sure the returned object has that click handler, which is attached right
here.
That's all we need.
So with that, we are good to save this component and then incorporate it.
So right here, what I'm going to do is get rid of the set of method.
I also no longer need this mutation name, this constant.
I also no longer need you store and key, right?
And so now what I need to do is import my brand new component, which I just created.
So how about right here in between all my other ones, I will import my new.
Job filters, sidebar, prompt component.
And that is going to come from source components, job results, job filter, sidebar, jobs, other
sidebar prompt to view and remember as well.
We need to register it right here, so I'm going to add it to my components object.
And what does that allow me to do?
It allows me to use it in my template.
And where are we going to use this in our template right here.
So instead of this whole big div, we're now going to replace it because we've captured that exact logic
and that exact piece of template right here in a much smaller component.
So I'm going to simply render with a self-closing tag.
Job filters, sidebar prompt provide that closing tag and the closing bracket.
And there we go.
So save that.
And that should do it.
So I think now is a good time to check in on a browser.
You can also see our tests for jobs on the sidebar are still passing.
That's the test that simply checks that everything exists.
So everything should work the exact same way in the browser if I transition to Chrome.
Let me refresh this page.
The action button component has been registered but not used in job filter sidebar.
Let's see here.
That's right.
We no longer need an action button in jobs with the sidebar because it's now here so we can actually
move this import and remove line 42 as well.
That action button now lives in our prompt component.
So with that, I can transition back to my browser.
All right, so everything should be working.
Here is our degrees.
Here's our job types, here's our organizations.
If I click them and select a couple here as well and here as well, and in clear filters, everything
is still working.
And you'll notice if I open up my view devtools and go to view and I look actually within my job results
view the job filters sidebar here is the prompt, right and then here is the accordion.
And within each accordion we have the respective components.
So here is job filter sidebar degrees, here is job filter, sidebar, job types and organizations as
well as well as our prompt, right.
So the kind of beautiful part as we've isolated a lot of that set up logic such as these helper functions
instead up into much smaller components here you can see for example in degrees we have that logic for
the composable that we're using in there and and the mutation that we want there.
And it's totally isolated from this filtering component and this filtering component as well.
All right.
So that moves things into a much better direction.
And job filter sidebar can be a very, very simple, elegant component.
As you can see right here.
It doesn't even have a setup method.
It just imports five other components and utilizes them in the correct order.
And that keeps the logic not too complex.
Right.
If we think about all of these styles as basically being just like one line of scissors and all this
component is is really about like 15, 20 lines of code.
All it's pretty easy to reason about.
We just have a section that adds a little bit of padding.
We're rendering all of these smaller components that are communicating to a future developer what this
is, right?
This is the prompt to do something.
This is the filtering for degrees, for job types, for organizations.
Each one is nested within a collapsible accordion with a different header, etc. So it reads very cleanly
and the setup method is also nonexistent, which is the easiest thing to understand.
All right.
So with that, that's all there is to cover in this lesson.
And I will see you in the next one.